Add documentation for dolt_commit_diff table (#132)
dolthub/docs: content/interfaces/sql/dolt-system-tables.md

VALUES ("my branch name", @@mydb_head);
```

### `dolt_commit_diff_$TABLENAME`

### Description 

> For every user table named `$TABLENAME`, there is a queryable system table names `dolt_commit_diff_$TABLENAME` which can be queried to see how a table has changed between two commits (regardless of which branch the user is currently using). Each row in the result set represents a row that has changed between two commits. 

Reviewer: "system table _named_"

Reviewer: Need to explain the `WHERE to_commit = '...' AND from_commit = '...';` requirement

### Schema

```text
+-------------+------+
| field       | type |
+-------------+------+
| from_commit | TEXT |
| to_commit   | TEXT |
| diff_type   | TEXT |
+-------------+------+
```

The remaining columns will be dependent on the schema of the user table. For every column X in your table at `from_commit`, there will be a column in the result set named `from_$X` with the same type as `X`, and for every column `Y` in your table at `to_commit` there will be a column in the result set named `to_$Y` with the same type as `Y`.

> The `dolt_commit_diff_$TABLENAME` represents the CLI tool `dolt diff` the closest. This table is consistent regardless of which branch 
> is currently active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"`dolt_commit_diff_$TABLENAME` is more similar to the `dolt diff` CLI command than the `dolt_diff_$TABLENAME` table. It represents the [two-dot diff](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Revision-Selection#double_dot) between the two commits provided.
```

     /
D---E---F---G master
```

We can use the above table to represent two types of diffs. A two point diff and a three point diff. In a 
two point diff we want to see the difference in rows between Point C and Point G. To do that we can simply do

```SQL
SELECT * from dolt_commif_diff_$TABLENAME where to_commit=HASHOF('feature') and from_commit = HASHOF('master');
```

We can also compute a 3 point diff using this table. In a 3 point diff we want to see how our feature branch has diverged from our common ancestor E. We can do the following queries

```SQL
SELECT * FROM dolt_commit_diff_$TABLENAME WHERE to_commit=HASHOF('feature') and from_commit=dolt_merge_base('master', 'feature');
```
The function `dolt_merge_base` computes the closest ancestore E between `master` and `feature`.

### Additional Notes

There is one special `to_commit` value `WORKING` which can be used to see what changes are in the working set that have yet to be committed to HEAD. It is often useful to use the `HASHOF()` function to get the commit hash of a branch, or an anscestor commit. The above table requires both `from_commit` and `to_commit` to be filled. 

### `dolt_diff_$TABLENAME`

#### Description

> For every user table named `$TABLENAME`, there is a queryable system table named `dolt_diff_$TABLENAME` which can be queried to see how rows have changed over time. Each row in the result set represents a row that has changed between two commits. Compared to the `dolt_commit_diff_$TABLENAME` the `dolt_diff_$TABLENAME` focus on how a particular row has evolved over time through the current branch. 

Reviewer: "focuses"
